A couple, Tanya and Jason Badger, reported seeing a boy they believed was Abdul-Ghani Wahhaj in January and February. However, it wasn't until April that they discovered he was listed as missing and his father, Siraj Wahhaj, was a fugitive. Despite their reports to state and local law enforcement, it took months for police to take action.

New Mexico authorities had suspected the father-son duo might be at the compound after learning about the abduction in May, but there wasn't enough evidence for a search warrant. The sheriff, Hogrefe, stated that they did surveillance, including ground and aerial photography, but couldn't identify the pair from the photos.

It wasn't until authorities received a message claiming that children were starving on the compound that they had enough probable cause to obtain a search warrant. When officers executed the warrant, they found a horrific scene with 11 children and five adults living in squalid conditions.

The father, Siraj Wahhaj, was arrested along with four others, including his sisters Hujrah Wahhaj and Subhannah Wahhaj, Lucas Morten, and Jany Leveille. All have been charged with abuse of the 11 children. However, the Badgers claimed that police didn't do a thorough job searching the property, and they found additional items such as guns, ammo, tactical vests, and video cameras that were initially missed.

Abdul-Ghani's mother, Hakima Ramzi, had reported her son missing in November 2017 after his father took him on what was supposed to be a short trip. She said she had no idea he would disappear for nine months with their son and 11 other children. An arrest warrant stated that Wahhaj wanted to perform an exorcism on the child because he believed he was possessed by the devil, but Ramzi claimed it was actually a ruqya, an Islamic practice aimed at helping rid the body of illness.

The father was stopped in Alabama in December after being involved in an accident with seven children, including none listed as Abdul-Ghani's age. Despite the boy being reported missing, there was no child abduction warrant against Wahhaj because he was married to his son's mother and they had equal custody.