Here are the propaganda techniques detected in the article:

1. Loaded Language: The use of phrases such as "glaring example of 'blue privilege' at work" and "killing an innocent man" aims to evoke strong emotions and create a sense of outrage.

2. Name Calling / Labeling: The term "blue privilege" is used to label police officers, implying that they receive special treatment due to their profession.

3. Repetition: The article repeats the phrase "special treatment" multiple times to emphasize its point about Guyger's case.

4. Exaggeration / Minimization: The statement "Not even the richest people in the country with the best lawyers would receive this type of treatment if they just admitted to killing an innocent person" is likely an exaggeration, as it's unlikely that anyone would receive such lenient treatment.

5. Appeal to Fear / Prejudice: The article appeals to readers' fears by highlighting the perceived injustices and biases in the criminal justice system.

6. Flag-Waving: The article uses phrases like "peacefully protesting" and "brutality" to appeal to readers' sense of patriotism and outrage at perceived injustices.

7. Causal Oversimplification: The article oversimplifies the causes of Guyger's special treatment, implying that it was intentional and part of a larger pattern of police bias.

8. Appeal to Authority: The article cites Attorney Lee Merritt as an authority on the case, lending credibility to its claims.

9. Slogans: The article uses slogans like "blue privilege" and "peacefully protesting" to create catchy and memorable phrases that can be used to rally support.

10. Thought-Terminating Clichés: Phrases like "it's obvious" and "there has been controversy" are thought-terminating clichés that discourage critical thinking and useful discussion.

11. Whataboutism / Straw Men / Red Herring: The article presents the police as being biased and corrupt, without directly addressing or disproving their side of the story.

12. Black-and-White Fallacy: The article presents a binary view of the situation, implying that either the police are corrupt or the protesters are justified in their actions.

13. Bandwagon / Reductio ad Hitlerum: The article implies that anyone who disagrees with its views is somehow complicit in perpetuating systemic injustices and biases.

14. Doubt: The article casts doubt on the police's motives, implying that they are intentionally keeping the protesters in jail to send a message and make an example out of them.

Note that some of these techniques may be used subtly or indirectly, but their cumulative effect is to create a narrative that is critical of the police and sympathetic to the protesters.